Fix nit (#5)
andrechuakj/tp: docs/2101UserGuide.md

As a Co-curricular Activity (CCA) head, do you find yourself struggling to manage your CCA members’ enrolments to various events and record the list of events that your CCA has?

> Are the heaps of spreadsheets you are using to manage them making you feel overwhelmed? Well, fear not, **CCACommander Ultra Promax Xtra 9000PLUS** is here to save the day!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are the heaps of spreadsheets you are using to organise your members making you feel overwhelmed? Well, fear not, **CCACommander Ultra Promax Xtra 9000PLUS** is here to save the day!
```

Here’s how you can use it:<br>
`findEvent EVENT_NAME [MORE_NAMES]...`

Here is an example command where we find all events with the **name** of "Party":

`findEvent party`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">:information_source:
Like the `findMember` command, `findEvent` does not require the names to be capitalised, but they have to be typed in full!
</div>
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb:

> The `findMember` and `findEvent` commands are powerful tools to help you work faster. Want to view the enrolment of "Nicholas", but you don’t 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `findMember` and `findEvent` commands are powerful tools to help you work faster. Want to view the enrolments of "Nicholas", but don’t 
```

> want to scroll the member list? Use the `findMember` then follow it with the `viewMember` command to achieve that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to scroll through the member list? Use the `findMember` command then follow it with the `viewMember` command to achieve that.
```
